docs: updating tutorial for COMBINE25 (#421)
Reed-CompBio/spras: docs/tutorial/introduction.rst

- `Conda <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html>`__ : for managing environments
- `Docker <https://www.docker.com/get-started/>`__ : for containerized runs
- `Git <https://git-scm.com/downloads>`__: for cloning the SPRAS repository
- A terminal or code editor (`VS Code <https://code.visualstudio.com/download>`__ is recommended, but any terminal will work)
- (Optional) `Cytoscape <https://cytoscape.org/>`__ for visualizing networks (download locally, the web version will not suffice)

Required knowledge:

- Ability to run command line operations and modify YAML files.
- Basic biology concepts

.. note::
    This tutorial will require downloading approximately 18.3 GB of Docker images and running many Docker containers.

    SPRAS does not automatically clean up these containers or images after execution, so users will need to remove them manually if desired.
    
    To stop all running containers: ``docker stop $(docker ps -a -q)``

>     To remove all stopped containers run: ``docker container prune``

Reviewer: [for consistency]

```suggestion
    To remove all stopped containers: ``docker container prune``
```

    To remove unused Docker images: ``docker image prune``

###############
SPRAS Overview
###############

What is pathway reconstruction?
===============================

A pathway is a type of graph that describes how different molecules interact with one another for a biological process.

> Curated pathway databases provide useful well studied references of pathways but are often generalized. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Curated pathway databases provide useful well studied references of pathways but are often general or incomplete. 
```

To perform post-analysis, most algorithm outputs must first be converted into a unified, standardized format.

What is SPRAS?
===============

.. image:: ../_static/spras-overview.png
   :alt: spras overview
   :width: 600
   :align: center

.. raw:: html

   <div style="margin:20px 0;"></div>

Signaling Pathway Reconstruction Analysis Streamliner (SPRAS) is a computational framework that unifies and simplifies the use of diverse pathway reconstruction algorithms.

SPRAS allows users to run multiple datasets across multiple algorithms and many parameter settings in a single workflow.
The framework automatically handles data preprocessing, algorithm execution, and post-processing, allowing users to run multiple algorithms seamlessly without manual setup.
Built-in analysis tools enable users to explore, compare, and evaluate reconstructed pathways with ease.

SPRAS is implemented in Python and leverages two technologies for workflow automation:

- Snakemake: a workflow management system that defines and executes jobs automatically, removing the need for users to write complex scripts
- Docker: runs algorithms and post analysis in a containerized environment.

> 

Reviewer 2: Was this text not important? Some of it may be useful to leave in writing even if you don't read it during the tutorial.

Author: I took it out because I wasn't planning on saying it during the tutorial.
